.\"                              hey, Emacs:   -*- nroff -*-
.\" hinversi is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to
.\" the Free Software Foundation, 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.TH HINVERSI 1 "February 22, 2007"
.\" Please update the above date whenever this man page is modified.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins (default)
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
hinversi \- Another othello engine
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hinversi-cli [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBhinversi\fP is an othello or reversi library, and binary that can be used by
other programs to write othello games. It comes with 4 diferent AI-engines,
which makes the game easy for beginners and hard for profis.
.PP
hinversi-cli is used to play against the computer or let one AI-engine play
against another one. This can be very fun.
.SH OPTIONS
\fBhinversi-cli\fP accepts the following options:
.TP
.BR  \-b\ Player,\ \-\-black\ Player
Select the black player, can be an AI-Engine (0=Naivus, 1=David, 2=Neo,
3=ElMatador, or h=Human).
.TP
.BR  \-w\ Player,\ \-\-white\ Player
Select the white player, can be an AI-Engine (0=Naivus, 1=David, 2=Neo,
3=ElMatador, or h=Human).
.TP
.B \-h
.B \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-V
.B \-\-version
Show version number.
.\" .SH "SEE ALSO"
.\" .BR foo (1), 
.\" .BR bar (1).
.SH AUTHOR
Claudio André Till Clemens <asturio@gmx.net>.
